docs: restructure and apply diataxis to OCI docs (#213)
canonical/ubuntu-cloud-docs: oci/oci-how-to/index.rst

.. _oci-how-to:

How-to guides
*************

If you have a specific goal but are already familiar with the Ubuntu container
images, our how-to guides have more in-depth detail than our tutorials, and dig
a bit further into the more advanced uses of Ubuntu container images.

They'll help you achieve an end result but may require you to understand and
adapt the steps to fit your specific requirements.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   getting-started

Ubuntu Pro
----------

Learn how to build your own Ubuntu Pro container image from a regular Ubuntu container image.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

>    enable-pro-services

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Enable Ubuntu Pro services in a Dockerfile <enable-pro-services>
```

Deployments
-----------

Learn about different deployment scenarios for Ubuntu container images.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   deploy-pro-container-on-pro-kubernetes-cluster

Chiselled Ubuntu
----------------

You can create even smaller Ubuntu container images with Chisel.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

>    create-chiselled-ubuntu-image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Create a chiselled Ubuntu image <create-chiselled-ubuntu-image>
```

.. _oci-how-to:

How-to guides
*************

If you have a specific goal but are already familiar with the Ubuntu container

> images, our How-to guides have more in-depth detail than our tutorials, and dig

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
images, our how-to guides have more in-depth detail than our tutorials, and dig
```

> a bit further into more advanced usages of the Ubuntu container images.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
a bit further into the more advanced uses of Ubuntu container images.
```

They'll help you achieve an end result but may require you to understand and
adapt the steps to fit your specific requirements.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   getting-started

Ubuntu Pro
----------

Learn how to build your own Ubuntu Pro container image from a regular Ubuntu container image.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   enable-pro-services

Deployments
-----------

Learn about different deployment scenarios for Ubuntu container images.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   deploy-pro-container-on-pro-kubernetes-cluster

Chiselled Ubuntu
----------------

You can create even smaller Ubuntu container images with Chisel.

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 1

   create-chiselled-ubuntu-image

Documentation
-------------

> If you have found something missing in this documentation, or have useful
> information to add whether it is a tutorial, a guide, or something else, we
> compiled a couple of guides for you to facilitate your contribution.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you have found something missing in this documentation, or have useful
information to add (whether it is a tutorial, a guide, or something else), this guide will help you to make your contribution.
```
